# Car_Showroom_Database_Management_System
Car Showroom database management system is a project which aims in developing a computerized system to maintain  the work of  selling first  hand and second hand cars. This project has many features which are generally not available in normal  stores like facility of manager login and employee login along with facility of customer login. It is a type of information system that is designed & developed for easy and error free recording of information of various Cars along with their customer details.

Following project can be used to sell first hand and second hand cars.The details of the product is provided along with price.The customer can choose the car according to their requirements and budget.The Order details includes name,occupation,dob,passportid,pincode,mode of payment with their valid information etc. It includes options such as modifying and deleting records of employees also. Order details of car along with their mode of payment can be searched when required by the manager or employee. Customer can also give their review or feedback and can also check others review if they are satisfied with our services.

While taking any input from the user all possible validation checks have been taken care of to increase the resistant to failure of the project. The project can be customized according to the needs of the users without much trouble. Although this project has been developed with a great deal of care, research, thought and hard work but still some smaller and insignificant areas may have been left unaddressed, so scope has been left for customization.
